Although it has rained
But the people's fields were still affected
Isn't it a good thing that food can grow in my palace?
Good thing, then tell me how you got those seeds
At first, a subordinate reported that Prime Minister Shen's family not only betrayed the country
And rewarded with enemy countries
It seems true
This is the seed left by the melon fruit that attacked the country
What does this have to do with my father?
Emperor Emperor
Save my wife
The bold palace maid dared to trespass into the Hall of Mental Cultivation to disturb the emperor
Emperor Emperor
Save my wife
Emperor
When is the noise outside the door?
If you shake it back
I didn't hear the specific slave clearly.
It seems that the little palace maid in the cold palace is crying for something
Save my wife